Remove polyfills for not supported browsers (#1030)
handsontable/hyperformula: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Removed the polyfills for unsupported browsers. [#1011](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/issues/1011)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed all polyfills from the CommonJS and ES Modules builds. Only keep the minimum required polyfills for the [supported browsers](https://hyperformula.handsontable.com/guide/supported-browsers.html) in the UMD build. [#1011](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/issues/1011)
```

This should soften it a bit.
